What happens when you intialize a respository? Why do you need to do that?

	A hidden file is created (.git) with metadata. This will allow me to commit the changes a will made on some project.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	The staging area allows you to control what files do you want to commit while the working directory is where you actually or phisically your archives are allocated. The repository is were are the history of the commits are saved. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	With the help of this staging area I can submmit one or more files or the project that have been modified. Then I can commit. Another advantage is that I can see exactly what I'm going to commit before do it.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	When you want to make some experiments that you are no sure that are the right thing for the main project. Its can help you to no modify the original project.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	I can see the etire history of the project and how working on some commit may afect some branch. Also, have the confidence that we can make some experiments without afect the entir project.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	A combination of a project considering the point of bifurcation of the branch. Because you can understand more cleary how the project was modified and to know exatly at what commit the branch was created and at what point was merged.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	With automatic merging you don't need to spend time knowing what other person did or maybe yourself did but you don't remember but maybe the you don't get the expected or desired result. On the other side doiing merges manually maybe need to understand in detail what other person did and maybe ask him  directly what he or she did, but with all of that efort you ensure that the project is going to work as expected to be. 